src/ca/mcgill/ecse223/block/view/HowToMakeMyUI.md, before:

By Georges Mourant

# Background

Okay guys so I finished the UI framework as we discussed in tutorial on Wednesday.
It runs if you'd like to test it. Below are some instructions for clarity.

# How to setup your UI
Your UI will be nested into the UI framework called `Block223MainPage` as a `JPanel`.
However, I have written a superclass for you to make it easier for you to access the methods
which will change the UI. [This superclass extends JPanel so when you extend it your class
will also become a JPanel.]

## Steps
1. Create/Modify a class in the `view` package and extend `ContentPage` (`ContentPage` already extends `JPanel`).

``` java
public class NameOfMyUIClass extends ContentPage {
```

2. Create your constructor to take 1 parameter of type `Block223MainPage` and pass it to `super`.

``` java
public NameOfMyUIClass(Block223MainPage frame){
    super(frame);
    // rest of constructor code
}
```

3. Write your `JPanel` as you normally would

## Help methods that are inheirited
- **`createButton(String txt)`** this method will return a JButton that is formatted 
to follow the design style of the design style of the application.
- **`cancel()`** will return to the admin menu (for the Cancel button at the bottom of your UI)
- **`getSideMenuList()`** will return the JList which makes up the side menu.
Modifying this JList will display directly on the side menu.

## How to include your UI into `Block223MainPage` for testing
See lines 80-125 in `Block223MainPage`.
Under the case for your feature, add the line `displayedPage = new NameOfMyUIClass(this);`.
(As shown in the comments on lines 82, 85, and 88.)
[`displayPage` is the instance variable which holds the currently dispalyed page 
which is an object of `ContentPage`.]

# Notes
- I have not created methods to format/setup JTextField, JComboBox, or JSlider so if any of you want to
implement that please share.
- The *Save* and *Load* buttons currently do not do anything.
- If you want to see a page appear, change the default value of `currentPage` (`Block223MainPage`, line 26) to `Page.adminMenu`.
- For now, just display errors using Java's `showMessageDialog`. I will try to create a custom error box
to match our design later but this is not a priority.

Commit message:

Updated names to follow conventions

src/ca/mcgill/ecse223/block/view/HowToMakeMyUI.md, after:

By Georges Mourant

# Background

Okay guys so I finished the UI framework as we discussed in tutorial on Wednesday.
It runs if you'd like to test it. Below are some instructions for clarity.

# How to setup your UI
Your UI will be nested into the UI framework called `Block223MainPage` as a `JPanel`.
However, I have written a superclass for you to make it easier for you to access the methods
which will change the UI. [This superclass extends `JPanel` so when you extend it your class
will also become a `JPanel`.]

## Steps
1. Create/Modify a class in the `view` package and extend `ContentPage` (`ContentPage` already extends `JPanel`).

``` java
public class PageNameOfMyUIClass extends ContentPage {
```

- Please follow the convention of placing *Page* in front of your chosen class name.
Example: *PageAdminMenu*

2. Create your constructor to take 1 parameter of type `Block223MainPage` and pass it to `super`.

``` java
public PageNameOfMyUIClass(Block223MainPage frame){
    super(frame);
    // rest of constructor code
}
```

3. Write your `JPanel` as you normally would

## Help methods that are inheirited
- **`createButton(String txt)`** this method will return a `JButton` that is formatted 
to follow the design style of the design style of the application.
- **`cancel()`** will return to the admin menu (for the *Cancel* button at the bottom of your UI)
- **`getSideMenuList()`** will return the `JList` which makes up the side menu.
Modifying this `JList` will display directly on the side menu.

## How to include your UI into `Block223MainPage` for testing
See lines 79-124 in `Block223MainPage`.
Under the case for your feature, add the line `displayedPage = new NameOfMyUIClass(this);`.
(As shown in the comments on lines 81, 84, and 87.)
[`displayPage` is the instance variable which holds the currently dispalyed page 
which is an object of `ContentPage`.]

# Notes
- I have not created methods to format/setup JTextField, JComboBox, or JSlider so if any of you want to
implement that please share.
- The *Save* and *Load* buttons currently do not do anything.
- If you want to see a page appear, change the default value of `currentPage` (`Block223MainPage`, line 25) to `Page.adminMenu`.
- For now, just display errors using Java's `showMessageDialog`. I will try to create a custom error box
to match our design later but this is not a priority.
